Remove mentions of IDL dictionaries (#16181)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/eventsource/eventsource/index.md

```js
new EventSource(url)
new EventSource(url, options)
```

### Parameters

- `url`
  - : A string that represents the location of the remote resource
    serving the events/messages.
- `options` {{optional_inline}}

  - : Provides options to configure the new connection. The possible entries are:

    - `withCredentials` {{optional_inline}}
      - : A boolean value, defaulting to `false`, indicating

>         if CORS should be set to `include` credentials.

Reviewer: This wording puzzles me. If 'include' is a verb, then it shouldn't have backticks. If its a reference to an `include` parameter, where is it described? Either way, I don't see how credentials are included.

Author: I think this is better [spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/server-sent-events.html#eventsourceinit)

```suggestion
        if the object's CORS credential mode should be set to `include`, or not.
```

Reviewer 2: How about this?

> A boolean value that is `false` by default. Setting it to `true` sets the connection request's _credentials mode_ to "include". Request’s _credentials mode_ controls the flow of credentials during a fetch.
